Acrolinx (#37497)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/httpclient-sni.md

# Customize SNI in HTTP requests

> When it negotiates an HTTPS connection, a TLS connection needs to be established first. As part of the TLS handshake, the client sends the domain name of the server it's connecting to in one of the TLS extensions. When multiple (virtual) servers are hosted on the same machine, this feature of the TLS protocol allows clients to distinguish which of these servers they're connecting to and to configure TLS settings, such as the server certificate, accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a client and server negotiate an HTTPS connection, a TLS connection needs to be established first. As part of the TLS handshake, the client sends the domain name of the server it's connecting to in one of the TLS extensions. When multiple (virtual) servers are hosted on the same machine, this feature of the TLS protocol allows clients to distinguish which of these servers they're connecting to and to configure TLS settings, such as the server certificate, accordingly.
```
